(The filming site of “Eclipse")
HaSeul: Hello~ Are we now… in a wasted building?
KimLip: It’s closed down
HaSeul: But the view is amazing. Shall we go in together?
HaSeul: Mm~ it’s so refreshing, what a great place to dance to "Eclipse"
KimLip: It smells like cow poop, it’s great
(In the middle of all this, her beauty… is this real life)
HaSeul: Are you trying to nail a commercial (CF)?
KimLip: Just imagine drinking some water here
HaSeul: I’m the girl of this month…
KimLip: Nature~
HaSeul: Where is HyunJin? She’s about to be replaced
KimLip: She just needs some earrings~
KimLip: (ambitious) I actually need everything else…
HyunJin: Hello~
HyunJin: I am LOOΠΔ’s earring model HyunJin
HyunJin: This place is supposed to be a subway
HyunJin: This stop is Hongdae~ We are at Hongdae~
(The girls look like they’re on a picnic rather than a filming shoot)